Hi Edoardo,

Been a pleasure working with you. Best of luck with your next steps with work and keep running!!!!

From Dillon Lad






Edoardo it's been a wonderful "run" together at siHealth! Your incredibly thoughtful and diligent approach work to while still being humble and kind has been inspiring for me. You've made a big impact on siHealth in the time you've been here. I've lots of memories but I include an image of our fantastic trip to Wales of course! I wish you all the very best for your future career, anywhere you go they will be lucky to have you.

Look forward to hearing how it goes, and meeting up for our next mountain excursion! 

From Rowan



Good luck and all the best for the future! It has been a pleasure knowing and working with you. 

From David Heron





Dear Edoardo,

it has been an absolute pleasure working with you. Your contributions to our company are incredible, certainly outstanding considering also that you started just as an intern. But most importantly, it has been fantastic to meet and to spend time together with you, since you are a very kind and exceptionally positive person !

I wish you all the best for the future, being certain you'll have success in whatever you'll decide to do. And I look forward to meeting you again (hopefully soon), even just for a coffee or a beer together :-)

Marco

From Marco Morelli





Hi Edoardo,

I wish you all the best for the future. It was a true pleasure to have met you.

Though our time working together was short, I could see you to be a positively kind spirit. Your future friends and colleagues will be lucky to have you.

All the best,

David A. (DevOps)

From David Arnold





Dear Edoardo,

It's been fantastic knowing you and (almost) working with you! Though it hasn't been long in siHealth you definitely created a huge impact and done a lot of amazing work in such a short time. It's sad you are leaving and any company would be fortunate to have you. I wish you the very best for your future and hope to catch up soon to know about your new job and marathon life!

Regards,

Agalya

From Agalya Ayyadurai





Hi Edoardo,

It's been a pleasure getting to know you and also working with you these past few years. Really enjoyed our collaboration on SmartPDT project. Best of luck for your future and let's keep in touch 🙂.

Mark S

From Mark Sarpong
